---
title: My Third Post
date: 1970-01-03
---

I told them it means 'peace among worlds. Sweetie, is your shirt on backwards? It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews. All right, all right, cool it! I see what's happening here. You're both young, you're both unsure about your place in the universe, and you both want to be Grandpa's favorite. I can fix this. You're missing the point Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No. Sometimes science is more art than science, Morty. Lot of people don't get that. You pass butter. Rick, I'm Pencilvester! Listen to that name! You can't kill me!

Now, listen—I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grandpa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit! You're young, you have your whole life ahead of you, and your anal cavity is still taut yet malleable. If it was, you could call me Ernest Hemingway. Sweetie, is your shirt on backwards? "What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Don't think about it." Rick, I'm Pencilvester! Listen to that name! You can't kill me! Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV. Ah, Master Rick, remember when you weren't going to shoot me?

He's not a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone else's. Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. If it was, you could call me Ernest Hemingway. "What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Don't think about it." Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV. Sweetie, is your shirt on backwards? You pass butter. I told them it means 'peace among worlds.

Yeah. I can prove it mathematically. Actually, l-l-let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming, anyways. You're missing the point Morty. Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels? I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house? No. It's like the N word and the C word had a baby and it was raised by all the bad words for Jews. Psych, just kidding! My new catchphrase is "I don't give a f**k!" You pass butter. "What about the reality where Hitler cured cancer, Morty? The answer is: Don't think about it." Now, listen—I know the two of you are very different from each other in a lot of ways, but you have to understand that as far as Grandpa's concerned, you're both pieces of shit! Weddings are basically funerals with cake.

Yeah. I can prove it mathematically. Actually, l-l-let me grab my whiteboard. This has been a long time coming, anyways. Psych, just kidding! My new catchphrase is "I don't give a f**k!" Ah, Master Rick, remember when you weren't going to shoot me? Wait for the ramp, Morty. They love the slow ramp. Sometimes science is more art than science, Morty. Lot of people don't get that. Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV. Rick, I'm Pencilvester! Listen to that name! You can't kill me! You pass butter. 